British English Academy.
C2 listening activity.
Course: C2 Mastery English.
Module 4: Rhetoric, Diplomacy and High-Stakes Communication.
Lesson 5: Rhetoric, Diplomacy and High-Stakes Communication: Speaking Lesson 5.
Listen for subtle tone, implication and rhetorical control.
Listen to the model answer. Then prepare your own short speaking response.
Learning objective: Learners can critique, refine, interpret nuance and produce expert-level responses in a speaking task about literary nuance.
Today you will practise language connected to literary nuance.
Target language: ellipsis.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise speaking for rhetoric, diplomacy and high-stakes communication. You will learn useful language connected to literary nuance and practise ellipsis. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C2 level.